README.md, before:

# MrDO
Scripts and automation for spinning up game servers on DigitalOcean

Games we want to support
========================

* FactorIO
* MineCraft (Vanilla & Feed The Beast)
* Don't Starve Together
* 7 Days To Die
* Terraria
* Mount and Blade

Other features we want to have
==============================

IRC bot that reports server status
----------------------------------

* Dollars spent per month
* Server Up / Down
* If Up, Currently Running Game(s)

IRC Bot capable of changing server status
-----------------------------------------
* Bring down server
* Bring up server
* Start game
* Stop game
* Broadcast message to logged in users


Status of Games
===============

FactorIO
---------

Can be started, stopped by hand

Minecraft Vanilla
-----------------
Can be started, stopped by hand
Currently having issues logging in, may be related to mojang outage (3-19-16)

Minecraft FTB
----------------
Unattempted

7 Days to Die
---------------
Unattempted

Terraria
--------------
Unattempted

Mount and Blade
---------------

Unattempted

Commit message:

Documentation: Updated status of vanilla mincecraft service
Turned off mojang authentication, and moved over to using a personal whitelist for the server.
That's really the behavior we're going for in the end anyway -- just a few of us that can play.

README.md, after:

# MrDO
Scripts and automation for spinning up game servers on DigitalOcean

Games we want to support
========================

* FactorIO
* MineCraft (Vanilla & Feed The Beast)
* Don't Starve Together
* 7 Days To Die
* Terraria
* Mount and Blade

Other features we want to have
==============================

IRC bot that reports server status
----------------------------------

* Dollars spent per month
* Server Up / Down
* If Up, Currently Running Game(s)

IRC Bot capable of changing server status
-----------------------------------------
* Bring down server
* Bring up server
* Start game
* Stop game
* Broadcast message to logged in users


Status of Games
===============

FactorIO
---------

Can be started, stopped by hand

Minecraft Vanilla
-----------------
Can be started, stopped by hand

Have to manually add users to whitelist turn whitelist off and on by hand.

Minecraft FTB
----------------
Unattempted

7 Days to Die
---------------
Unattempted

Terraria
--------------
Unattempted

Mount and Blade
---------------

Unattempted
